Option A for resolving #15 (#18)
OR13/draft-steele-cose-hash-envelope: draft-steele-cose-hash-envelope.md

## Protected Header

Label `16` (typ), label `TBD_1` (payload hash alg) and label `TBD_2` (content type of the preimage of the payload) MUST be present in the protected header and MUST NOT be present in the unprotected header.

Label `TBD_3` (payload_location) MAY be added to the protected header and MUST NOT be presented in the unprotected header.

> Label `3` (content_type) SHOULD NOT be used as it is redundant with label `16` (typ), label `TBD_1` (payload_hash) and label `TBD_2` payload_preimage_content_type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Label `3` (content_type) SHOULD NOT be used as it is easily confused with label `TBD_2` payload_preimage_content_type).
```
